Your courage is commendable
What about later?
I'll give you the recipe for the restaurant and crayfish
As long as you do a good job
All the profits will be given to you one game at a time.
As long as you do a good job, the more I give
Don't worry.
I will definitely make the crayfish business
More and more popular
Wife, I have a surprise for you
Dangdang Dangdang
How does it feel to be rich?
Husband, you are amazing
Oh, right.
I may have to be away for a while
Where do you intend to go?
Are you going to stop wanting me?
Do you dislike
The food I cook is not to your taste.
Or the bath water I prepared for you?
Do you think the temperature is not suitable?
Husband, tell me I can make it
What are you thinking about?
I just want to go somewhere else to sell crayfish
Just open a chain store
Chain store? What is a chain store?
I stopped making crayfish and sold locks instead.
But husband
Isn't our business doing well now?
No matter how good this business is
No chain store to make money
But I don't want you to make that much money.
Men go bad when they make money
I didn't say lady
Can you stop thinking about it all day long?
Have you watched too many idol dramas?
Don't worry.
Your husband will definitely love you until old age
Lady, you are so beautiful today
husband
No.